So, more plugins.
So, this is one that we had mentioned in the chat earlier.
The WCAG 2.0 Form Fields for Gravity Forms.
This is something that we actually
use this plugin, or both of these plugins.
We use Gravity Forms and then
the WCAG 2.0 Form Fields
for Gravity Forms
on the air rally site.
So
this is a free plug in.
Adrian Gordon is
the author of this.
And maintains this
in a very proactive way.
So
as changes happen to
both Wordpress and Gravity Forms,
Adrian is kind enough to keep updating this.
Now, the last update was four months ago.
There may be some things that need some changing,
but it works really, really well.
So, that I would highly recommend
if you're using Gravity Forms, on your site,
Gravity Forms does a good job overall
but you
cannot ensure full accessability
of your forms without using this plugin.
And even then there may be some things
you have to change or do manually.
So Gravity Forms have a plugin to fix those.
Contact Form 7, another very popular contact form.
And there are accessible defaults by Joe Dolson.
Hear his name again.
This plugin fixes some of the issues
related to Contact Form 7 fields.
And this was updated three months ago
again Joe is graciously updating
this plugin
as Contact Form 7 and Wordpress changes.
So those are great plugins to use.
Genesis Accessible, so if you use the
genesis theme framework, Rian,
from the Wordpress accessibility team,
I think she, after the Gutenberg debacle,
has stepped back a little bit
from that,
but she's a great resource for accessability
based out of Europe
and has created the Genesis Accessible plugin
so that you can make genesis themes
more accessible in Wordpress.
This has been tested up to 5.2.2
and was updated three months ago as well.
The genesis theme framework has done a great job
with addressing accessibility issues inside of it.
They have people at StudioPress,
they're very interested in accessibility,
so I expect to see more good things from them
in the future as they continue
creating themes
and making updates to their framework.
But that's not the only framework, right?
So there's a
very popular theme called Divi.
So CampusPress has created
a plugin
to address accessibility concerns
with Divi.
So Divi can be
highly dynamic in terms of
how you build a theme,
or how you build a site using that theme.
And it has a number of JavaScript powered
items
like accordions and
different menu options
that get fixed with this particular plugin.
Now this was last updated six months ago
and it was tested up to 5.0.4.
I haven't heard any rumblings out of Elegant Themes,
who make Divi, about them addressing accessibility
proactively within the Divi theme itself
or their framework, but it's always good
to push for that and to say hey,
look at this accessibility plugin,
can you start incorporating some of the things
that this fixes into your themes and think
about accessibility proactively,
because there are a number of people
that really, really, love Divi
and I cringe because I have tried to build sites
with Divi and to build them accessibly
is a very difficult task.
So this plugin helps with that,
but because it's very popular, people like it
because there are certain ease of use
for non-technical website authors or builders
that you can really benefit from having
accessibility baked into it, something like Divi.
Let's get into some plugins that just have
accessibility baked into them.
So Joe Dolson, surprise, built a My Calendar plugin.
So this is an events calendar plugin for Wordpress
that allows accessibility out of the box.
It has accessible defaults.
He also has
a My Tickets plugin
that can work with My Calendar so
you can rest assured that his plugin
works accessibly out of the box, so to speak.
There is the Soliloquy Slider.
So this is a plugin for carousels
and I learned about this from a former colleague of mine,
Bobby Brooks here at Nobility.
He did a lot of Wordpress training
with our clients but also at AccessU,
our conference on web accessibility every year in Austin.
And Bobby
knew
something that I didn't
which is that if you had to build a carousel in Wordpress,
and you needed to make it accessible,
that Soliloquy would allow you to do that.
It's not that,
not that it will
force you to do that.
You can make a very inaccessible
carousel experience using Soliloquy,
but if you care about accessibility,
you can customize the interface
using the Soliloquy slider theme options within it.
And you can make a very accessible carousel interface.
I would argue
in most instances
you may not need a carousel for your site,
but there are certain use cases
where carousels do make sense
and certainly product sliders
where you're sliding across images, things like that,
a soliloquy slider might be the answer
if you need to make that accessible.
So that's one that has accessibility support
that you can,
use within it.
And then the other one is this NextGen image gallery.
So the NextGen image gallery
also allows you to customize it
and ensure that it is accessible.
You can make a very inaccessible
image gallery with it as well.
And they also have pro,
premium plugin
plugin options with features.